HI. HEY.
EVENING, FOLKS.
COME ON IN.
HI.
WAIT, WAIT!
HANG ON, GUYS! WAIT!
DON'T YOU NEED
TO CHECK I.D.s?
OH, YEAH.
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
HUH?
SORRY, WE DON'T OFFER
A SENIOR DISCOUNT.
NO. NO,
IT'S NOT FOR ME,
AND NOW I REALLY
NEED A DRINK.
GO ON, HONEY.
SHOW HIM YOUR LICENSE. GO ON.
PICTURE!
OH? SOMEBODY 21 TODAY?
YES.
MILITARY GAL.
WELCOME,
PRIVATE DORCHESTER.
UH, OOPS.
THAT IS THE WRONG ONE.
I AM SO VERY SORRY.
HOLD ON A SECOND.
PUT THAT AWAY!
Haley:
YES, I'M A HUGE DORK
FOR CELEBRATING MY 21st
WITH MY FAMILY,
BUT MY MOM WAS CRAZY EXCITED
TO GO TO A BAR WITH ME.
OR JUST TO GO TO A BAR.
[ DANCE MUSIC PLAYS ]
AW, IT'S SO NICE
WHAT YOU TWO ARE DOING.
MY MOTHER WOULD HAVE NEVER
TAKEN ME OUT FOR A DRINK.
WHY?
WAS SHE SUPER STRICT?
NO, SHE WOULD NEVER
SEE ME AS AN ADULT.
WELL, EXCEPT WHEN
THE POLICE CAME TO THE HOUSE.
THEN, SHE WOULD BE LIKE,
"GLORIA, YOU GO TALK TO THEM.
"TELL THEM YOUR FATHER
WAS HERE LAST NIGHT.
BUT UNBUTTON YOUR SHIRT
A LITTLE BIT FIRST."
OKAY, UH, THE CRAZIEST THING
I HEARD --
AND THERE IS
SOME COMPETITION THERE --
IS THAT YOU THINK THIS LADY
TREATS ME LIKE I'M AN ADULT.
WAIT, I-I DO TREAT YOU
LIKE AN ADULT.
[ SCOFFS ]
YOU MADE ME CHANGE MY SHIRT TWO
TIMES BEFORE WE LEFT THE HOUSE
AND FORCE-FED ME
A CHEESE SANDWICH
SO I WOULDN'T GET
SLOPPY DRUNK.
NO, THAT IS JUST ONE WOMAN
OFFERING ANOTHER WOMAN, UH,
FASHION TIPS AND ADVICE
FOR CASUAL DRINKING.
WHAT DO YOU KNOW
ABOUT FASHION?
ABOUT CASUAL DRINKING?
[ LAUGHS ]
OKAY, OKAY.
THAT'S FUNNY.
SEE,
I WOULDN'T HAVE LAUGHED
AT THAT BEFORE
'CAUSE YOU WERE A KID,
BUT NOW I'M GONNA LAUGH
'CAUSE IT'S FUNNY.
[ LAUGHS ]
HI. SORRY THAT
TOOK SO LONG.
HI.
WE GOT TRAPPED BY THOSE
BRIDESMAIDS OVER THERE.
YEAH.
HI.
THAT'S WHAT HAPPENS
WHEN YOU BRING GAY GUYS
TO A STRAIGHT CLUB.
WE'RE LIKE CATNIP TO DRUNKEN
BACHELORETTE PARTY GIRLS.
THE PROBLEM IS, THEY CAN GET
A LITTLE BIT CLINGY.
BUT DON'T WORRY, HALEY.
WE ARE HERE FOR YOU TONIGHT.
OHH.
TO HALEY'S FIRST DRINK, HUH?
SALUD.
OKAY.
YEAH. YEAH.
OOH, IT BURNS.
-- Captions by VITAC --
♪♪♪
THANKS AGAIN
FOR DRIVING ME, JAY.
[ German accent ] YOU'VE ARRIVED
AT YOUR DESTINATION.
GET IT?
'CAUSE WE'RE IN A GERMAN CAR.
[ CHUCKLES ]
I HAVE LIVED A LONG,
FULL LIFE.
I WILL DRIVE US
INTO A WALL.
[ Normal voice ]
TONIGHT, WHILE CLAIRE
GETS THINGS STARTED
AT THE BAR,
JAY IS TAKING ME TO PICK UP
HALEY'S BIRTHDAY PRESENT --
A NEW CAR!
PHIL SHOPPED AROUND,
FOUND SOMETHING VERY SAFE
AND LOW-MAINTENANCE
WITH LOTS OF GOOD REVIEWS.
TILL I MARRIED HER.
[ LAUGHS ]
I'M JOKING!
YOU'RE NOT LOW-MAINTENANCE!
[ LAUGHS ]
I DOUBLED DOWN.
OH, I HEARD YOU.
ARE YOU SURE YOU DON'T WANT ME
TO GO IN WITH YOU,
YOU KNOW, MAYBE HAMMER OUT
SOME FINAL DETAILS?
NO. DEAL'S ALREADY
WORKED OUT.
I'M JUST GONNA POP MY
HERBIE HANCOCK ON A FEW FORMS,
AND I'LL, UH --
I'LL MEET YOU AT THE BAR.
GREAT.
WELL, YOU DON'T NEED ME.
LEAVING PHIL
WITH A CAR SALESMAN
IS LIKE COVERING A BABY GOAT
IN BARBECUE SAUCE
AND DROPPING IT
IN THE MIDDLE OF THE SERENGETI.
UH-HUH. MM-HMM.
MM-HMM. WELL, I-IT ALL
SEEMS TO CHECK -- WAIT A MINUTE.
THIS CAN'T BE RIGHT.
AM I ALLOWED TO SIGN THIS
WITH A RED PEN?
GOOD CATCH, PHIL.
ONE QUICK THING --
IF YOU REALLY WANT TO
DO SOMETHING SPECIAL
FOR YOUR DAUGHTER,
WHAT DO YOU SAY WE THROW IN
SOME UPGRADED WHEELS?
HOW MUCH
WOULD THAT COST?
HOW MUCH DO YOU SPEND A DAY
ON A CUP OF COFFEE?
OH, FOR GOD'S SAKES!
JAY?
ANSWER THE QUESTION!
A CUP OF COFFEE?
$3.50.
NOT YOU!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
I'M JUST HERE TO MAKE SURE
EVERYTHING'S ON THE UP-AND-UP.
UM, DARYL, THIS IS MY
FATHER-IN-LAW, JAY PRITCHETT.
JAY, YOU DON'T
HAVE TO BE HERE.
IT'S ALL WORKED OUT.
TELL YOU WHAT,
WHY DON'T YOU THROW IN
THOSE UPGRADED WHEELS
YOU LOVE SO MUCH,
LOWER THE DRIVE-OFF BY $500,
WE CALL IT A DEAL?
I'M SORRY, BUT THIS IS
THE BEST I CAN DO.
COME ON, DARYL.
WE'RE ALL BUSINESSMEN HERE.
WE ALL KNOW
THERE'S WIGGLE ROOM
WHEN WE SAY
THERE'S NO WIGGLE ROOM.
SO, COME ON.
LET'S SEE YOU WIGGLE.
I CAN'T.
I CAN'T WIGGLE.
JAY, I'VE ALREADY WIGGLED HIM.
NO, TRUST ME, HE CAN WIGGLE.
I REALLY CAN'T. I --
WIGGLE, DARYL. WIGGLE.
DO YOU KNOW
WHERE BABIES COME FROM?
[ SCOFFS ]
LILY, I'M STUDYING.
ARE YOU A NERD?
NO. WHY WOULD YOU
ASK ME THAT?
IT'S FRIDAY NIGHT,
AND YOU'RE DOING HOMEWORK.
IT'S MY SENIOR YEAR.
TRUST ME, LILY,
THERE'LL BE TONS OF FUN
FRIDAY NIGHTS IN MY FUTURE
WITH ARTISTS, DIGNITARIES,
OTHER SCIENTISTS.
I DIDN'T HEAR
"BOYFRIEND."
[ CLICK ]
YOU'RE 0 FOR 3.
YOU KEEP HITTING ME IN THE FACE.
OR...AM I 3 FOR 3?
THEN WHAT'S THE POINT
OF THE APPLE?
IT KEEPS YOU FROM MOVING.
[ CHUCKLES ]
HEY, GUYS, DO YOU KNOW
WHERE BABIES COME FROM?
LILY, THAT'S NOT
AN APPROPRIATE QUESTION.
COME ON.
DO YOU KNOW OR NOT?
UH, YES.
THE STORK BRINGS THEM.
THIS DORK?
[the stork]
GOOD STUFF.
HEY, LILY, HOW ABOUT
SOMETHING TO EAT?
YOU WANT
SOME CHICKEN NUGGETS?
OKAY.
ALL RIGHT.
SO, DO YOU KNOW
HOW BABIES ARE MADE?
YEP,
AND I'LL TELL YOU.
BUT FIRST, WE'RE GONNA NEED
A PEN AND A BAGEL.
WHY?
WELL, YOU'RE GONNA NEED
TO TAKE NOTES, AND I'M HUNGRY.
PLEASE.
[ LAUGHTER ]
OKAY, WE CAN'T WAIT
ANY LONGER.
WE ARE DYING
TO GIVE YOU OUR PRESENT!
GUYS,
I SAID NO GIFTS.
NO, YOU SAID NO GIFTS
UNDER $100.
OH, DID I? GIMME.
IT'S JUST A LITTLE SOMETHING
FROM YOUR SUPERCOOL GUNCLES.
OKAY!
[ LAUGHTER ]
THERE IS A LOT OF PRESSURE
WHEN ONE IS A GAY UNCLE...
OR GUNCLE.
...GIVING A GIFT TO A NIECE
AS HIP AND CHIC AS HALEY.
IN THE 10 YEARS
THAT WE'VE BEEN TOGETHER,
WE'VE ONLY MISSED THE MARK
ONE TIME.
YEAH, WHEN CLAIRE
TOLD US WHAT TO BUY,
BUT WE LEARNED
OUR LESSON --
IGNORE CLAIRE
AND TRUST OUR GAY INSTINCTS.
OR "GINSTINCTS."
[ SIGHS ]
TOO MUCH.
NO.
[ High-pitched voice ]
OH, MY GOD! SO CUTE!
REALLY? YOU THINK?
YES! TOTALLY!
SUPER CUTE!
BECAUSE WE CAN RETURN THEM
IF YOU DON'T LIKE THEM.
[ SCOFFS ] NO, NO, THEY'RE GOOD.
[ CHUCKLES ]
I LOVE THEM.
IF WE WORE THE SAME SIZE,
I WOULD HAVE THESE ON RIGHT NOW.
HE'S BEEN GONE A LONG TIME.
I THINK WE HURT HIS FEELINGS.
THESE GUYS
DON'T HAVE FEELINGS.
HE'S BACK THERE MAKING TIME
WITH A SECRETARY,
BRAGGING ABOUT HOW HE'S TAKING
A COUPLE SUCKERS FOR A RIDE.
LOOK.
HE WAS IN THE MILITARY.
SO WAS OSWALD.
HEY.
CAN YOU TRUST ME
THAT I'M GONNA GET YOU
THE BEST DEAL POSSIBLE?
YOU KNOW WHAT?
WHY DO I KEEP
FIGHTING YOU ON THIS?
YOU KNOW WHAT YOU'RE DOING.
I'M BEHIND YOU ALL THE WAY.
BOOM.
WELL, I SPOKE
TO MY MANAGER...
YEAH.
...AND I CAN'T GIVE YOU
THE WHEELS OR THE DISCOUNT.
FRANKLY, HE'S MAD
THAT I GAVE YOU THE DEAL
THAT'S ON THE TABLE.
WELL, THANKS, DARYL.
YOU DID YOUR BEST.
YOU, TOO, JAY.
I GUESS WE'LL JUST SIGN
AND BE ON OUR WAY.
OR WE CAN GET OUT OF HERE.
WHAT?
I'M SORRY, BUDDY. I GOT
A PAL AT THE DEALERSHIP
CLOSER TO HIS HOUSE.
WE'RE GONNA TAKE OUR BUSINESS
THERE. LET'S GO, PHIL.
I THINK PHIL
WANTS TO TAKE THE CAR.
DON'T TELL PHIL
WHAT HE WANTS.
PHIL WANTS TO LEAVE.
PHIL?
WHAT ARE WE DOING?
THAT WAS A GREAT DEAL.
WRONG. KEEP WALKING.
JAY, I NEED THIS CAR.
WE'RE SUPPOSED TO BE
AT THE BAR IN 20 MINUTES.
CALM DOWN. HE'S NOT GONNA
LET US LEAVE THE LOT.
YOU CAN ORDER
YOUR APPLETINI NOW
AND BE THERE
BEFORE THE ICE MELTS.
YOU BETTER BE RIGHT
ABOUT THIS
'CAUSE YOU ARE DEAD WRONG
ABOUT APPLETINIS HAVING ICE.
HEY!
GUYS, HOLD ON A SECOND!
YES, DARYL.
[ PANTING ]
YOU FORGOT
YOUR SUNGLASSES.
HAPPY?
YEAH.
THESE AREN'T
MY SUNGLASSES.
I CANNOT BELIEVE
HALEY DIDN'T LIKE THE SHOES.
OH, COME ON.
OF COURSE SHE DID.
NO, SHE MOST CERTAINLY DID NOT.
SHE GAVE US THE HIGH VOICE.
[ High-pitched voice ]
"THEY'RE CUTE!"
I KNOW THE VOICE. I INVENTED
THE VOICE. I USE THE VOICE.
WAIT. SO, I CAN'T PULL OFF
MID-THIGH SHORTS?
NO, YOU CAN.
PULL THEM OFF AND GIVE THEM
TO SOMEBODY 20 YEARS YOUNGER.
[ LAUGHS ]
YOU'RE SO SILLY!
WHAT ARE YOU TWO
GIGGLING ABOUT?
HALEY JUST ASKED ME --
OH, YOU DON'T WANT TO KNOW,
TRUST ME.
NO, I DO. I DO. I DO.
I DO. I DO. TELL ME.
NO, YOU'LL JUST BE
ALL JUDGY
BECAUSE YOU WANT ME TO BE
THIS PERFECT, LITTLE ANGEL.
OH, HONEY,
NO, THAT'S NOT TRUE.
I KNOW I HAVE NOT DONE
A GREAT JOB OF IT SO FAR,
BUT I MEANT IT
WHEN I SAID
I WANT TO HAVE
A MORE ADULT RELATIONSHIP.
I AM SURE THE REASON
WHY MOM AND I GREW APART
IS THAT SHE NEVER STOPPED
TREATING ME LIKE A CHILD.
PLUS, SHE WAS LOCO
FOR LOCO-PUFFS.
[ LAUGHS ]
WHAT, YOU DO NOT HAVE
THAT CEREAL?
COME ON. HALEY, LET ME IN.
OKAY, FINE,
SO WE WERE LAUGHING
BECAUSE WE WERE
PLAYING "WOULD YOU RATHER."
MM-HMM.
WHAT'S THAT?
[ MUTTERS ]
AND I SAID,
"WOULD YOU RATHER
MARRY GEORGE CLOONEY
"OR HAVE THE BEST SEX OF
YOUR LIFE FOR JUST ONE NIGHT
WITH TOM HARDY?"
WHO'S THAT?
I DON'T KNOW.
GOOGLE HIM.
I'M GOING WITH TOM
BECAUSE GEORGE WOULD
JUST WANT TO TALK
ABOUT POLITICS ALL THE TIME
AND TOM SEEMS LIKE HE WOULD
QUIETLY GET THE JOB DONE.
THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT HALEY SAID!
OH!
ALL RIGHT! OKAY!
YEAH!
[ WOMEN CHEERING ]
HEY, YOU TWO!
IT'S DANCE TIME!
OH, BOY.
HERE WE GO.
YEAH, SOMEBODY'S HUNGRY
FOR A LITTLE BIT MORE.
WE SHOULD HAVE JUST
TOLD THEM WE'RE STRAIGHT.
WE MET THEM
BECAUSE YOU ACCURATELY
IDENTIFIED
THE BRIDE'S PERFUME.
[ CHUCKLES ]
YOU TWO READY
TO TEAR IT UP?
OH...
WELL, WE'RE KIND OF DOING
OUR OWN THING RIGHT NOW,
BUT THANK YOU.
COME ON, BOYS!
WHO ARE THOSE GAYS?
I DON'T KNOW,
BUT I LIKE THEIR LOOK.
DO YOU?
REALLY?
Haley: YEAH.
I CAN FEEL IT.
THIS GUY'S GONNA GET US
THE DEAL WE WANT.
I HAD THE DEAL WE WANT,
AND NOW IT'S GONE,
JUST LIKE YOUR IMAGINARY FRIEND
WHO NEVER WORKED HERE.
CALM DOWN.
WE'RE ALREADY UP THREE HOT DOGS
AND A PAIR OF SUNGLASSES.
OKAY, GUYS,
I RAN SOME NUMBERS,
AND I CAN'T COME CLOSE
TO THE PRICE YOU HAD OVER THERE.
HE WAS LOSING MONEY
ON THAT CAR.
OH, MY GOD.
NOT HELPING.
ALL RIGHT, TONY,
LET'S CUT TO THE CHASE.
YOU EITHER START NEGOTIATING,
OR WE'RE GONNA WALK BACK OVER
THERE AND TAKE THAT OTHER DEAL.
WELL, IF YOU CAN STILL GET IT,
YEAH, TH-THAT'S WHAT I WOULD DO.
YOU WANT TO DANCE.
I DON'T MIND. I'LL LEAD.
$500 DOWN.
SIR [SIGHS] EVEN WITH
THE DEEP DISCOUNTS WE OFFER
DURING THE HOT DOG-A-THON,
I HAVE NEVER
SEEN A DEAL LIKE THAT.
HEAR THAT, JAY? I WON.
WHAT DID I WIN?
NOT A CAR!
I GOT TO CALL
THAT FIRST GUY BACK.
TONY, CLOCK IS TICKING.
YOUR MOVE.
WHAT'S THAT?
COULD THAT BE FROM
YOUR MANAGER, HUH, PERHAPS?
UH, YEAH, HE SAYS THAT
UNLESS YOU BUY A CAR,
YOU CAN'T HAVE
ANY MORE HOT DOGS.
OKAY, SO, A BOY AND A GIRL
MEET AT A FRAT PARTY
AND THEY BOTH THINK
EACH OTHER IS TOTALLY HOT,
SO THEY POUND THEIR BEERS
AND HEAD UPSTAIRS.
LUKE, STOP.
SHE'S NOT HEARING THIS
FROM YOU.
WHY NOT?
YOU'RE TOO IMMATURE.
I'M NOT IMMATURE,
BUTT FACE.
AND HOW WOULD YOU
SAY IT?
WELL, I WOULD SAY
THEY MEET THROUGH FRIENDS,
AND AFTER DATING FOR
AN APPROPRIATE AMOUNT OF TIME,
HE TAKES HER TO
A ROMANTIC FRENCH BISTRO.
THEN MAYBE,
IF THE MOOD IS RIGHT --
MAYBE?
I JUST BOUGHT YOU
A BIG FRENCH DINNER.
THAT WAS YOUR CHOICE.
I OWE YOU NOTHING.
YOUR HAND WAS ON MY KNEE
THE WHOLE TIME.
WHAT WAS I
SUPPOSED TO THINK?
I WAS EXPRESSING AFFECTION,
NOT SIGNING A CONTRACT.
THIS DATE IS OVER.
COME ON, SEXY.
DON'T BE LIKE THAT.
MAKE A BABY WITH ME.
WHAT IS GOING ON
IN HERE?!
NOTHING.
♪ I'M GONNA TELL YOU ♪
CAN I JUST SAY THAT I'M GLAD
THEY DIDN'T COME GET US?
EXACTLY. WHO NEEDS
THOSE CLINGY BROADS?
"BROADS"? DOES ANYONE
SAY "BROADS" ANYMORE?
I DON'T KNOW.
I WAS TRYING SOMETHING.
YOU KNOW, MAYBE THEY JUST SAW US
WITH HALEY AND THEY WERE LIKE,
"HEY, LET'S GIVE THOSE GUYS
SOME SPACE."
OR THEY ALREADY
KNEW THOSE GAYS.
OR THEY THOUGHT
THOSE YOUNG GUYS
WOULD BE
BETTER DANCERS THAN US.
NO, NO. SINCE WHEN
DOES YOUNG EQUAL BETTER?
OH. [ TRILLS ]
LET'S SHOW THEM WHAT WE GOT.
[ SNAPS FINGERS ]
HEY, REAL QUICK...
WHAT HAVE WE GOT?
UM, WELL, I CAN RAISE THE ROOF
AND DO THE CABBAGE PATCH.
OKAY, AND I CAN DO
THE "SINGLE LADY" HAND THING.
YEAH, BUT PUT
YOUR NECK INTO IT
OR YOU JUST LOOK LIKE
THE QUEEN WAVING.
OH, GOOD POINT.
OKAY. NOW YOU'RE READY.
OKAY, LET'S GO.
HEY, LADIES!
HEY, SINGLE LADIES!
HEY, GUYS!
[ LAUGHS ]
OH, THANK GOD.
WE NEED TO TAP OUT.
YEAH, THESE CHICKS LATCHED ON
AND WON'T LET GO.
YOU KNOW HOW THEY ARE
WITH US.
NO, YOU DON'T
HAVE TO TELL US.
WE COULDN'T GET RID
OF THOSE THREE ALL NIGHT.
SO, WHY DON'T YOU GUYS GO AHEAD
AND SPLIT? WE'LL TAKE OVER.
ARE YOU SURE?
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH. GO, GO.
YES. YES.
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
THANK YOU.
WE'LL HOLD IT DOWN.
YEAH, YEAH.
BOYS,
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?!
YOU GUYS, DON'T GO!
OH, YEAH, DON'T WORRY
ABOUT IT, LADIES,
BECAUSE WE ARE HERE NOW
AND WE ARE READY TO BOOGIE.
[ CHUCKLES ] GREAT!
WHOO-HOO.
[ High-pitched voice ]
SO FUN!
WE'RE GONNA GO
HIT SOME CLUBS NOW.
OH, CLUBS.
THAT SOUNDS RAD.
COOL. SUPER DOPE.
YES.
YOU GUYS HAVE FUN.
HUH?
WHAT HAPPENED?
OH, MY GOD.
STOP.
WE'RE GANCIENT.
REALLY? DYLAN?
MM-HMM.
DYLAN?
YEP. SWEAR IT.
LIKE YOU
CANNOT BELIEVE.
HUH. YOU KNOW WHAT?
I KIND OF GET HIM NOW.
RIGHT?
YES!
I ALWAYS GOT DYLAN.
CAREFUL.
YOU'RE LIKE MY GRANDMA.
[ LAUGHS ]
GRANDMA?
EASY. I HAVE STABBED
CLOSER RELATIVES THAN YOU.
OOH.
[ LAUGHS ]
I CAN'T BELIEVE I'M TALKING
TO MY MOM ABOUT THIS.
HONEY, I TOLD YOU,
YOU'RE A GROWN-UP NOW.
I'M GONNA RESPECT
YOUR DECISIONS,
AND LET YOU
LIVE YOUR LIFE.
IT'S THE BEST GIFT
I CAN GIVE TO YOU
ON YOUR 21st BIRTHDAY --
MY FRIENDSHIP
AND UNCONDITIONAL ACCEPTANCE.
AW! THAT MEANS SO MUCH
TO ME RIGHT NOW.
[ CHUCKLES ]
YOU KNOW WHY?
MNH. WHY?
BECAUSE I WANT TO GET
A TATTOO TONIGHT,
AND I WAS AFRAID
YOU'D SAY NO.
AY, HOW COULD SHE
SAY NO
AFTER EVERYTHING
SHE JUST SAID TO YOU?!
HOW COULD I SAY NO?
IS THERE A WAY?
OH, MY GOD, MOM, THIS IS
THE BEST PRESENT EVER!
COULD TONIGHT
GET ANY BETTER?!
YES!
SHE CAN PAY FOR IT
SO YOU CAN GET
A REALLY BIG ONE!
[ SCREAMS ]
[ LAUGHS ]
OH!
I'M SO EXCITED!
PHIL, WHERE ARE YOU?
YOU HAVE TO GET DOWN HERE
AND STOP HALEY
FROM GETTING A TATTOO.
WHAT?
NO, YOU STOP HER!
I CAN'T. I MADE A COMMITMENT
TO BEING HER FRIEND.
WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT?
I DON'T KNOW.
I WAS TRYING SOMETHING.
JUST GET DOWN HERE WITH THAT
CAR, AND WE CAN DISTRACT HER.
I'D LOVE TO, BUT YOUR DAD PLAYED
HARDBALL AND WE LOST IT.
HOW ON EARTH
DID YOU LET THAT HAPPEN?!
I DON'T KNOW. WHY DON'T YOU ASK
THE TWEETY BIRD ON HALEY'S NECK?
OH, GOD,
NOT THE NECK.
SHE'S A TOUGH-ENOUGH HIRE
AS IT IS.
OKAY, UM...
FINE, Y-YOU DEAL WITH THE CAR.
I'LL DEAL WITH THE TATTOO.
JUST GET HERE.
OKAY, HERE'S WHAT
WE'RE GONNA DO.
NO, NO, NO, NO.
I'M DONE LISTENING TO YOU.
I HAD A GREAT DEAL.
YOU KNOW HOW I KNOW?
I CALLED THE SALESMAN
AT THE FIRST DEALERSHIP
WHILE YOU WERE SNEAKING
YOUR THIRD HOT DOG,
AND IT ALREADY SOLD.
FINE. WE DON'T NEED IT.
HERE'S THE PLAN --
WE TELL THEM
HALEY IS REALLY SICK.
OH, MY GOD,
YOU'RE SICK.
GOOD THINKING!
I'LL BE SICK
'CAUSE NOBODY CARES
ABOUT PEOPLE THEY CAN'T SEE.
I RESEARCHED THAT CAR ONLINE
FOR WEEKS,
AND THEN YOU SWOOP IN
WITH YOUR TOUGH-GUY SWAGGER
TO TEACH ME A LESSON
ABOUT BUYING CARS IN THE '70s!
YOU KNOW, THIS ALL HAPPENED
BECAUSE OF YOU,
SITTING THERE,
COVERED IN SWEAT AND FEAR,
UNDERCUTTING
MY EVERY WORD.
NOW, IF YOU WANT
A REALLY GOOD DEAL,
YOU PARK YOUR BUTT OUT HERE,
PLAY ON YOUR INTERNET.
I'M GOING OLD-SCHOOL
ON THIS SALES WEASEL,
AND I'M GONNA
BREAK HIM IN HALF.
IS SOMEBODY
HELPING YOU?
HE BETTER BE!
YES,
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
OKAY, I AM TECHNICALLY
IN CHARGE TONIGHT,
SO NO ONE TELLS LILY
WHERE BABIES COME FROM.
I COULD NOT AGREE MORE.
I DON'T KNOW WHY YOU AMERICANS
ARE SO UPTIGHT ABOUT SEX.
SEX IS CONFUSING
FOR YOUNG PEOPLE,
AND SHE DOESN'T NEED TO LEARN
FROM TWO FUZZ-STACHES
WHO BARELY KNOW ANYTHING
THEMSELVES.
EXCUSE ME, YOU MIGHT WANT TO
CHECK MY BROWSER HISTORY.
I'VE DONE
SOME RESEARCH.
OH. WELL, GREAT. I'M JUST
GONNA GO VOMIT FOREVER NOW.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
WHAT ARE YOU GUYS DOING?
UH, NOTHING. MNH-MNH.
JUST TALKING.
NOT REALLY ANYTHING.
CAN WE FINISH
OUR CONVERSATION?
NO. LILY, I'M SORRY,
BUT IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS,
YOU'RE GONNA
HAVE TO ASK YOUR DADS.
YOU DON'T KNOW,
DO YOU?
I DO SO.
[ SCOFFS ]
UH-HUH, I KNOW.
NO, WE DON'T.
RIGHT, GUYS?
NO, I GUESS NOT.
NO.
THAT'S EMBARRASSING.
WANT ME TO TELL YOU?
WHAT?
HEY, THAT'S WHY YOU ASKED IF WE
KNEW WHERE BABIES CAME FROM --
BECAUSE YOU
WANTED TO TELL US?
YEAH, YOU'RE OLD.
YOU SHOULD KNOW.
BUT YOU MIGHT
WANT TO SIT DOWN FOR THIS.
[ SIGHS ]
I FOUND
A TATTOO SHOP NEARBY.
IT HAS FOUR STARS ON YELP,
AND IT HAS MILITARY DISCOUNT.
WELL, PRIVATE DORCHESTER
REPORTING FOR DUTY.
YOU ARE JUST
SO HELPFUL TONIGHT, GLORIA.
YOU KNOW WHAT ELSE
YOU SHOULD DO?
ANOTHER IDEA.
YOU SHOULD DO
MOTHER-AND-DAUGHTER TATTOOS,
LIKE -- LIKE, UH,
TWO HALVES OF A HEART.
OR THE MOON
AND SOME STARS.
OH. MM.
OR, LIKE,
A BIRD AND A RIFLE.
OH, MY GOD,
LET'S DO THAT!
YES! YES!
I MEAN, NOT THAT, BUT, LIKE,
LET'S GET MATCHING TATTOOS!
I WANT TO DO THAT
WITH YOU.
[ SIGHS ]
YOU DO?
YEAH!
IT COULD BE,
LIKE, OUR SPECIAL THING
THAT WE HAVE FOR THE REST
OF OUR LIVES, JUST US.
AND NO MATTER WHERE WE GO
OR WHAT WE DO,
WHEN PEOPLE ASK US
ABOUT OUR TATTOOS,
WE CAN SAY
THAT THEY'RE FROM
THE BEST NIGHT
OF OUR LIVES TOGETHER.
THAT IS SO SWEET.
I MEAN IT.
I WANT TO DO IT WITH YOU.
WILL YOU?
I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS,
BUT I WILL. I WILL.
I WILL
'CAUSE I LOVE YOU.
I LOVE YOU, TOO!
I LOVE YOU. I LOVE YOU.
THEY ALSO HAVE PIERCING!
ENOUGH.
Cameron:
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I DON'T EVEN NEED
TO BE COOL ANYMORE.
IT'S LIKE, WHY?
YES, EXACTLY. WHY?
[ Chuckling ] WHO CARES.
BESIDES, ISN'T THE COOLER THING
NOT CARING IF YOU'RE COOL?
YEAH, AND IF THE NEW COOL
IS NOT CARING,
THEN I'M SUPERCOOL,
NOT THAT I CARE.
HEY, GUYS! GUESS WHAT.
WE'RE GETTING MATCHING TATTOOS.
LOVE IT. WE'RE DOING IT, TOO.
WE NEED THIS.
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
ARE WE SERIOUS?
AS SERIOUS
AS BERT AND ERNIE.
IT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE SUCH
A GREAT MOMENT FOR ME AS A DAD.
I WAS GONNA
WALK INTO THAT BAR,
GIVE MY DAUGHTER HER NEW
CAR KEYS, AND SAY, "HONEY...
CHUG THAT DRINK.
WE'RE GOING FOR A SPIN."
[ CHUCKLES ]
HUH.
PHIL, PUT THESE
IN YOUR PURSE.
I JUST BEAT YOUR UNBEATABLE DEAL
BY 500 SAMOLIANS.
STICK THAT
IN YOUR INTERNET.
WHAT?
THIS GUY'S A BULLDOG.
HE WORE ME DOWN.
DON'T BE TOO HARD ON YOURSELF.
YOU NEVER STOOD A CHANCE.
[ HORN HONKS ]
WOW! THANK YOU, JAY.
HOP IN. I'LL GIVE YOU
A WALK-THROUGH.
OKAY.
[ LAUGHS ]
SOME MORE GOOD NEWS FOR YOU --
YOUR FATHER-IN-LAW
ALSO TALKED ME INTO TWO YEARS
OF FREE SATELLITE RADIO.
OF COURSE HE DID.
THE GUY'S ALWAYS ONE-UPPING ME.
I WORK FOR MONTHS
GETTING THE BEST DEAL.
HE WALKS IN, BULLIES YOU DOWN,
AND PROVES WHAT A PUSHOVER I AM.
LET ME JUST
SHOW YOU THIS HORN.
WHY? DID HE GET AN UPGRADE ON --
[ HORN BLARING ]
MY FATHER-IN-LAW CAN
BE A JERK, TOO, SO I
GOT TO SAY SOMETHING.
YOU GOT A MUCH BETTER DEAL
THAN HE GOT.
SOME HORN, HUH?
[ HORN HONKS ]
WHAT?
[ HORN BLARING ]
HE CAME GROVELING
INTO MY OFFICE
AND BEGGED ME TO LIE AND SAY
THAT HE GOT THE BETTER PRICE,
BUT HE PAID ME THE DIFFERENCE.
[ HORN HONKING ]
HOW MUCH MORE DID HE PAY?
$1,000.
OH, MY GOD, HE REALLY CARES
WHAT I THINK ABOUT HIM.
MORE THAN YOU KNOW.
THAT IS ONE BEAUTIFUL MAN.
HEY, DUMBASS,
ENOUGH WITH THE HORN, HUH?
[ HORN HONKS ]
I LOVE YOU, TOO!
OH!
UH, THE TATTOOING --
IT DOES REALLY HURT.
I DON'T THINK
I DRANK ENOUGH.
HUH. SO, A COUPLE
OF FIRSTS TONIGHT.
OKAY,
WHAT SHOULD WE GET?
UH...
[ SIGHS ]
IT NEEDS TO BE
SOMETHING IMPORTANT TO US.
I-IS NELSON MANDELA
STILL IN JAIL.
I THINK IT SHOULD BE SOMETHING
JUST A LITTLE MORE PERSONAL.
OKAY, WHAT ABOUT
LILIES FOR LILY?
FLOWERS?
BE FASTER JUST TO
GET THE WORD "GAY."
I HOPE EVERYBODY'S READY!
SO BEAUTIFUL.
WELL,
CHECK IT, LOSERS.
I AM ALL TATTED UP.
[ LAUGHS ]
AY, I'M SO PROUD OF YOU.
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU DID THIS.
I KNOW! I KNOW! I KNOW!
IT'S VERY SEXY.
VERY NICE.
Gloria: YEAH.
WELL, IT IS SANSKRIT
FOR "MOTHER."
AND HALEY'S GONNA GET ONE
THAT SAYS "DAUGHTER."
[ High-pitched voice ]
WELL...
WELL, WHAT?
[ Normal voice ]
IT'S JUST, UM,
I-I'M NOT TOTALLY SURE
I'M NOT BAILING.
NO. NO, YOU'RE NOT.
BUT IT JUST LOOKS
SUPER PAINFUL,
A-A-AND THIS IS
NOTHING TO DO WITH YOU,
BUT I DON'T THINK I WANT
A TATTOO WHEN I HAVE OLD SKIN.
[ CHUCKLES ]
HALEY, IF YOU DON'T
GET "DAUGHTER,"
IT'S GONNA LOOK
LIKE I DID THIS FOR MY MOTHER,
AND THEN I'M GONNA
HAVE TO SAW MY LEG OFF.
OR YOU COULD JUST
ADD TO IT.
HEY, WHAT'S SANSKRIT
FOR "ISSUES"?
HALEY, COME ON.
YOU'RE UP. LET'S GO.
I DON'T KNOW, MOM.
IT'S --
NOW THAT I SEE IT,
IT'S SO PERMANENT.
YOUNG LADY, I SWEAR TO GOD
I WILL SPANK YOU.
[ HORN HONKS ]
NO, MY GOD!
IS THAT FOR ME?!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY,
SWEETHEART!
THANK YOU SO MUCH!
I LOVE IT!
[ BOTH LAUGH ]
PLEASE TELL ME
YOU DIDN'T GET A TATTOO.
NO, BUT TALK TO MOM,
'CAUSE SHE'S TRYING TO MAKE ME.
OH, IT'S SO CUTE!
CAN I TAKE IT FOR A RIDE?!
OF COURSE!
Lily: WHEN I GROW UP,
I WANT TO HAVE KIDS.
YOU'RE NOT GOING ANYWHERE.
YOU'VE BEEN DRINKING TONIGHT.
ONLY
'CAUSE YOU MADE ME.
WHAT ARE YOU
TRYING TO DO TO HER?
Lily: WELL, FIRST,
I WANT A PERFECT HUSBAND...
HOW ABOUT YOU GUYS?
COME ON.
YOU'RE GONNA GET
YOUR TATTOO, RIGHT?
WE REALIZED
WE DON'T NEED ONE TO BE COOL.
IT SEEMS
SORT OF DESPERATE.
BUT YOURS IS CUTE.
[ High-pitched voice ]
SUPER CUTE!
YEAH.
Lily: ...SOMEONE WHO
TAKES CARE OF ME.
AY, JAY. I'M TIRED.
I'M HUNGRY. TAKE ME HOME.
COME ON. WE'LL GET YOU
A BIG BOWL OF LOCO-PUFFS.
[ CHUCKLES ]
Lily: AND THEN
WE'RE GONNA MAKE A BABY...
Haley: [ LAUGHS ]
OH, MY GOSH!
...WHICH IS EASY.
YOU JUST PUT
EGGS AND TADPOLES IN A GLASS,
AND THE WOMAN
HAS TO DRINK IT.
THEN, THE WOMAN AND MAN KISS
AND JUMP ON THEIR BED.
AFTER A YEAR, SHE PEES,
AND A BABY COMES OUT.
WOW.
OH, MY GOD.
OKAY, THEN.
NOW THAT CLAIRE HAS
A TATTOO,
I CAN FINALLY
GET ONE OF MY OWN!
[ SIGHS ]
SO, I'VE BEEN
TRYING TO THINK OF A PHRASE
THAT SUMS UP
THE WAY I LIVE MY LIFE.
I DON'T THINK SMALL.
I DON'T DO THINGS HALFWAY.
I'M NOT AFRAID
OF TAKING RISKS.
SO, THEN, I WAS TRYING
TO THINK OF THE PERFECT
PLACE TO PUT IT, YOU KNOW?
YOU DON'T
WANT TO PUT IT
ON A-A BODY PART THAT'S GONNA
WRINKLE OR -- OR SAG TOO MUCH,
AND YOU DON'T WANT IT
IN SOMEPLACE
WHERE IF YOU'RE
WEARING A SUIT IT WOULD SHOW.
TRUE.
SO, ON MY LOWER BACK,
I WILL PUT THE WORDS
"GO DEEP." BAM.
THINK ABOUT IT.
I HEARD IT.
OKAY.
UM...
"DO IT." NO.
MNH-MNH.
"ALL-IN."